JEANNE MOOS HAS ALL THE YOLKS
AND THE JOKES.
>> Reporter: WHO HATCHED THIS
PLAN?
WHY WOULD A 19-YEAR-OLD SUPER
STAR LIKE JUSTIN BIEBER ROLL UP
HIS SLEEVES AND ALLEGEDLY THROW
EGGS AT HIS NEIGHBOR'S HOUSE?
>> IT'S WEIRD HOW HE'S GOING
BACK TO PRANKS FROM 1950.
>> Reporter: AND WE DON'T MEAN
JUST EGGING SOME CHEAP BRICK
LIKE THIS.
WE'RE TALKING --
>> 20 GRAND OF DAMAGE TO HIS
HOUSE.
>> HE THROWS FABERGE' EGGS ONLY.
>> Reporter: TO 20 GRAND TO
REPLACE VENETIAN PLASTER.
THE LATE NIGHT COMEDIANS HAD
AUDIENCES BREAKING UP WITH THEIR
OWN COVERAGE.
>> IT IS IN FACT JUSTIN BIEBER.
I THINK HE SEES US.
>> WE WERE PURSUING EVIDENCE
THAT A FELONY HAD BEEN COMMITTED
IN REFERENCE TO THE --
>> Reporter: TO PELTED POLICE ON
KIMMEL.
BUT THE REAL SHERIFF'S
DEPARTMENT PRESS CONFERENCE
THERE WERE SOME EGCENTRIC
QUESTIONINGS ABOUT THE POLICE
RAID ON BIEBER'S HOME.
>> CAN YOU MATCH THE EGGS FOUND
IN A REFRIGERATOR, FOR EXAMPLE,
DEAN NATE EGGS WITH THOSE USED
IN THE VANDALISM CASE?
>> I WOULD ASSUME THAT THAT'S
PROBABLY POSSIBLE.
>> Reporter: THE LIEUTENANT MADE
IT CLEAR THE RAID WAS NO EGG
HUNT.
THEY WERE LOOK FOR SECURITY
CAMERA VIDEO THAT MIGHT SHOW
BIEBER IN THE ACT OF TOSSING
EGGS FROM HIS OWN PROPERTY.
BIEBER HASN'T COMMENTED TO CNN,
AND HE HASN'T BEEN CHARGED.
>> I BELIEVE THERE IS PROBABLY
ALMOST A DOZEN DETECTIVES THAT
WERE THERE.
>> WHY DO THEY SEND 12 COPS?
ONE COP FOR EACH NEGLECT THE
CARTON?
WAS THAT THE THINKING?
WHY IS ONE OF THE MOST AFFLUENT
STARS IN THE WORLD RIGHT NOW
THROWING EGGS AT HIS NEIGHBOR'S
HOUSE?
>> BECAUSE HE'S A [ MUTE ]
IDIOT.
>> YEAH.
>> Reporter: BACK IN 2011,
BIEBER HIMSELF GOT EGGED WHEN A
FAN TRYING TO GET HIS ATTENTION
PELTED THE STAGE WHILE BIEBER
PERFORMED IN AUSTRALIA.
NOW THE EGG'S ON THE OTHER FOOT.
AND SPIRIT AIRLINES IS RUNNING A
"YOU WON'T BELIEVE THESE DEALS"
PROMOTION.
ESCAPE JUSTIN TIME BEFORE YOU
GET EGG ON YOUR FACE.
THE JOKES, ALL THE PUNS, IT'S
ENOUGH TO MAKE A GUN SHY
CELEBRITY CRAWL BACK IN HIS
SHELL.
>> IT'S BEING CALLED THE MOST
POINTLESS USE OF AN EGG